# Client-Server-Development
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by following best coding practices by using proper syntax and good in-line comments throughout my code. The CRUD Python module was created to create data in the database AAC, read data from AAC, update data in the AAC database, or delete data from the AAC database. This was utilized in Project Two specifically when the user was given the option to select certain criteria to display specific information. This CRUD module could be used in future projects for any database I work on, it would just need to be modified to work with the specific database.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  Whenever I ran into a problem on this specific project, I utilized the dash components resource that we were provided with. This helped to guide me when I ran into a problem on how to create code for a specific aspect of the dashboard. For example, I utilized this especially when creating the radio buttons. I also ensured that I was fulfilling the requests of the client as their wants are the most important. In a professional setting I would be getting paid to create a dashboard like this and if it did not meet the requirements of the client, then I simply would not deserve to be paid in full. The goal is to have a functioning product that meets all of the client's requirements.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  This question is very broad but to sum it up I would say that computer scientists use technology to solve a variety of problems and to fulfill a variety of consumer's needs. Without comptuer scientists we would not have the software that we have today. A company would not be able to create a dashboard for their user's that will filter through a database for them to give them one specific piece of data. For a company like Grazioso Salvare, it makes it easier for them to do their work because they do not have to have employees that are sifting through this huge database to find information on which type of dog would be best for tracking. It saves them time and money.
